chore(grid): refactor export notes (#2835)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/export/excel.md

slug: grid-export-excel
tags: telerik,blazor,grid,export,excel
published: True
position: 5
---

> # Grid Excel Export

Author: Added this info to all basics sections.

}
````

## Requirements

> * If you are setting `Width` to the columns, use only `px`. Excel does not understand units different than `px` and if you use them (such as `rem` or `%`), it will fail to parse them and will render a collapsed (hidden) column with zero width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When setting column `Width`, use only `px`. Excel cannot parse units different than `px` (e.g., `rem` or `%`) and renders a collapsed (hidden) column with zero width. This is an Excel limitation.
```

Read more about how to [customize the exported file](slug:grid-export-events).

## See Also

  * [Live Demo: Grid Export](https://demos.telerik.com/blazor-ui/grid/export)
  * [Custom Cell Formatting of the Exported File with RadSpreadProcessing](slug:grid-kb-custom-cell-formatting-with-radspreadprocessing)
  * [Custom Cell Formatting of the Exported File with RadSpreadStreamProcessing](slug:grid-kb-custom-cell-formatting-with-radspreadstreamprocessing)

>   * [Sowing a Loader While Exporting the Grid](slug:grid-kb-show-loader-while-exporting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Showing a Loader While Exporting the Grid](slug:grid-kb-show-loader-while-exporting)
```
